---
layout: post
title:  "What do you think of pre-compiling your CSS?"
date:   2019-11-18 12:27:00 +0100
categories: examination 1
comments: true
---
About pre-compiling my CSS, I think its a great feature to have. Makes the wotk more fluent and less time consuming. SCSS compiles the code i write to normal CSS. And writing in SCSS feels , as I said, a great feature and also advantage to have. 

# Compare to regular CSS
CSS feels more primitive with minimalistic built in functions. SCSS offers for example the great idea of creating variables in a easy way. SCSS makes it so that you dont have to repeat as much code as you would in CSS. That and the creating of variables is in my own opinion the best and largest difference. 

# Which techniques did you use?
I used variables in SCSS. Tested different colors in variables, wich was easy to use if you name the variables right!

# Pros and cons?
The hardest part of this question is the cons so we will start with the pros. The pros ar like I mentioned earlier. The SCSS looks nice, easy to follow and understand. And also the declaration of variables is on point. It's a clear advantage. This ultimately makes up for saving time and a good looking structure in the code. All the cons I have heard of, not yet seen myself, is the part of debugging you SCSS. The compilied SCSS to CSS may differ in the lines wich the code is written on. For example if something is wrong in line 22 in CSS it is not clear which exact line in SCSS you need to edit. 